# Privacy Policy for OSCAR-to-Google-and-MSCalendar
### Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 22, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.

### Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

* **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

* **Application** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named OSCAR-to-Google-and-MSCalendar

* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to OSCAR-to-Google-and-MSCalendar.

* **Country** refers to: Georgia, United States

* **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

* **Service** refers to the Application.

* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

* **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
### Types of Data Collected
### Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with information related to calendar events

Information from Third-Party Social Media Services
The Company allows You to log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:

* Google
* Microsoft

If You decide to register through or otherwise grant us access to a Third-Party Social Media Service, We may collect Personal data that is already associated with Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account, which is only limited to calendar services associated with that account.

### Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

* To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

We will not share your personal data in any circumstances

### Retention of Your Personal Data

We will not retain your personal data

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

We will not transfer your personal data to any party

### Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: timiport@protonmail.com
Privacy Policy for OSCAR-to-Google-and-MSCalendar
